DEFINITION
Work includes, but is not limited to, school, clubs, organizations, projects, and a job. In general, work is considered doing. 
SUPERIOR
All work must be completed to the best of your ability. If your ability is not satisfactory, then you must search for help. 
Opportunity Cost is not to be considered for the short term with work, but considered in the forming of work habits.
The objective of all school work is to learn, not to earn a high grade. Although high grades usually indicate that the subject has been learned.
When considering whether to take an opportunity or project, take the time per week it would require in hours and add 2 hours, in order to see the time commitment.
You are never to map how many hours all of your work is taking each week. This is not to say you cannot plan out your week, but an hour map is prohibited.
When overcome with an opportunity and considering quitting, notify the person in charge when dealing with clubs and jobs. In the case of school, tell friends and parents.
A crash is a serious crisis that occurs when you are overworked to the point of losing sense and anxiety takes over. In the event of a crash, sit and breathe for 5 minutes and drink 10 gulps of water. Afterwards all aspects of the constitution are still to be restored and observed.
After a crash, the next time of little priority is to be spent focusing on other priorities that were neglected due to the crash and recording the crash along with its cause and future prevention.
All work done by you is to have your name and the date.
DAILY
Work for clubs and organizations are to be completed before sleeping the night before the day it is due.
School work is to be completed the night before the day it is due. 
Work of difficult caliber must be started immediately, meaning before analysis.
Work is to be done in order, starting with the most difficult assignments and ending with the easiest. Difficulty is not always determined by duration. The opposite is true on exams.
After 90 minutes of work (once lapse is possible), you must take a ten minute break, at least 2 feet away from where you were working.
The process of going to bed starts at 10:00 PM, unless commitments are made.
The day begins at 5:30 AM.
PROJECTS
Projects are to be recorded in the 7West folder of Dropbox. 
A plan is established by recording the project’s expected hours per week, objective of the project, and the first 4 steps of the project. A project must be established before it can be worked.
1 hour of the next 24 hours after establishing a project must be spent on work for that project.
Projects that end prematurely must have the reasons for ending recorded. All recorded reasons are to be reviewed on the second day after the project was canceled.
Projects must be completed, unless two reason scan be listed for ending it early. Reasons must cite their backing from the constitution
If overcome with work in a project, it is to be delayed. When a project is delayed, work on it is stopped until the next weekend. On such weekend, 2 hours must be spent on the project. After 2 hours, the project is evaluated on whether it is too time consuming.